An array is a really fundamental data type that represent memory,
a fixed size chunk of memory.
When you declare an array in almost all contexts,
it immediately turns into a pointer and forgets the amount of memory that's allocated.
So you have to keep track of exactly how much memory is there.
Experience shows that you don't get it right.
That's a bug source.
So what I do instead,
I wrap the array inside a vector,
and the vector operations manages the arrays,
it allocates, it deallocates it.
If you set your switches right, it does wrench it.
So basically, get the low-level hardware close stuff out of the major uses.
You need that sometimes,
like when you build a vector.
Can't build a good vector without an array.
I don't think it belongs in application code.
If you look at C and C++,
you're going to see that's a fairly radical statement.